Add input section for V&V documentation (#172)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/verification_and_validation/ver-1d.md

\end{equation}
This takes the BC to 99.5 % of it's actual value in 3 s, which is a small fraction of the breakthrough time of 500 s.

## Input files

!style halign=left

> The input files for the cases where diffusion and trapping are the rate limiting processes can be found at [/ver-1d-diffusion.i] and [/ver-1d-trapping.i]. These input files are different from the input files used as test in TMAP8. To limit the computational costs of the test cases, the tests run a version of the file with a coarser mesh and less number of time steps. More information about the changes can be found in the test specification file for this case [/ver-1d/tests].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input files for the cases where diffusion and trapping are the rate limiting processes can be found at [/ver-1d-diffusion.i] and [/ver-1d-trapping.i], respectively. These input files are different from the input files used as tests in TMAP8. To limit the computational costs of the test cases, the tests run a version of the files with a coarser mesh and fewer time steps. More information about the changes can be found in the test specification file for this case, namely [/ver-1d/tests].
```
